What do I like about Jeollado? I like the 2 for 1 rolls (sometimes 3 for 1) the prices and the variety on the menu. What don't I like? The rolls are tiny so you have to order more anyway and they will often get your order wrong if you stray from the menu. For the money, it's a dependable and fun place to get sushi - bring friends and share the 2 for 1 rolls (they have to be 2 of the same). This place is a great deal for the price and the food they give you. Crab rolls are made with real crab, not the imitation crab. They also have a great unagi bim bim bap that you must order. Go here if you want a little bit of Korean combined with a little bit of Japanese food. Place is casual, not fancy. Short of cash, with a big group, starving? This is the place. Okay, not the most delicate or delectible, but absolutely satisfying and the sake is cheap too. Portions are pretty amazing- especially the Amy roll for $8- damn thats a lot of food for $8. And the Jeollado (seaweed) salad- sometimes I get take-out somewhere else and go get that salad to be healthy and fill me up. All in all a great place, but not the most refined. Oh, also a pretty good scene, lots of people to look at. There may be nicer places, or cheaper places, but Jeollado is probably the best cheap sushi in New York City. Jeollado's house rolls are definitely a popular draw. They are damned good. You just have to try it for yourself. I've been to Jeollado a bunch of times, and the fish is nearly always fresh. But I must admit I have stumbled on a couple of un-fresh days, but they are rare. The wait staff is nice, but they are kind of inattentive. The atmosphere is like a cafeteria, so it's not romantic. However the casual atmosphere comes in handy if you want a good place to drop in and get food. It's not a place to impress a date. But it's perfect place to meet with someone for good-tasting sushi when a restaurant-y place would be too much for casual dining. Jeollado has seen its good days and bad days. overall the restaurant has great prices for the value. Loud cafteria seatings and great for large groups. 
